# Fluid-Grid

## What is it? 

Fluid, Responsive and Semantic grid is build for LESS CSS. It supports any number 
of columns. Gutter width is defined as percentage, and grids can be nested too. 

## Requirements for a reusable, fast and flexible grid system

I believe a CSS grid system should meet the following requirements so that it can 
be used as a reusable build tool in every project:

* Flexible, supporting any number of columns and gutter widths, as required by the 
	design (I don't want any default grid)
* Allows fast grid prototyping (requires CSS preprocessor)
* Fluid, percentage-based - fixed width grids can be easily generated by giving 
	the containing row a fixed width, if needed
* Responsive, mobile first approach, applying the grid only if there's enough screen 
	estate
* Nested but keeping the same root grid classes (I want to able to split the container 
	row by the number of columns the container has; it doesn't make sense to have class 
	"grid-6" inside a parent that has a class "grid-6" if I want to split that 
	parent in two. Instead, I want to use the same class than in the root level: "grid-3". 
	This is different than what the Twitter Bootstrap or ZURB Foundation currently 
	do.
* Backwards compatible, cross-browser support (preferably incl. IE7+), no JavaScript 
	dependancies
* Right to Left language support easily added
* Ability to decide whether to use unsemantic ".grid-x" classes, or my own.

So basically what we have here is The Semantic Grid (http://semantic.gs/) and Trevor 
Davis' Sass & Compass Grid (http://viget.com/inspire/building-a-nested-responsive-grid-with-sass-compass) 
combined (in LESS CSS). There are many grids, but I use this one because it gives me 
the flexibility I need. Give it a try, to see if it can help streamlining your 
workflow too!

##Credits 

This grid system wouldn't exist without the many existing awesome grid frameworks. 
See the credit section in grid.less. 
